Even if you can treat
So what?
Take Xiangyuan as the place of the wind and moon
The average doctor refuses to come to it for diagnosis and treatment
The girl in Mama Wang's courtyard
And there are lots of them.
Unspeakable disease?
As long as you don't let me list for pick-up
I guarantee the health of all the girls and I am fully responsible for it
How do you know all this?
I told Mingyue's sister
Sister Mingyue has advanced medical skills
Imperial mother, why don't you wish to live forever?
OK, I can give you another chance.
Later?
I will gather all the girls in the courtyard
Consciousness remediation together
It's up to you.
Of course, I will also prepare your benefactor tonight
If I find out that you are the loyal liver of the outer wall
Healing Fang Ting is purely lucky, if not
The bright moon allows you to arrange
I'll see what happens.
Qing'er takes Mingyue girl down to freshen up
Get ready to cook well for tonight
Have you ever seen a woman?
I don't know. It's about this high.
What happened? I met a woman
Unexpectedly, the King of Chu entered the palace overnight
I borrowed the Praetorian Guard from the emperor
To search for Yuan Qingling's whereabouts
Brother Hao, you actually care so much about that poisonous woman
Make sure there are no clues left
Of course.
Benhou works
Is Mingcui still worried?
From now on
Princess Chu, who opposed us, has disappeared
Instead of
She's just a prostitute in a brothel
I have something else to do
Hou Hui Ding, please do it yourself
Your Highness, you have been up all night
Why don't you go back and rest for a while?
Don't have to
In a while, you will bring a part of the Jin Committee District
Go first
His Royal Highness the King of Chu